Warning on dependencies. Closes #1441 (#1442)
elixir-lang/ex_doc: README.md

After adding ExDoc as a dependency, run `mix deps.get` to install it.

> Attention: at least one ExDoc dependency (earmark_parser) requires Erlang development environment. If you get a message like "/usr/lib/erlang/lib/parsetools-2.3.1/include/yeccpre.hrl: no such file or directory", it means you lack this environment. For instance, on the Debian operating system and its derivatives, you need to `apt install erlang-dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Some Operating System distributions split Erlang into multiple packages and at least one ExDoc dependency (`earmark_parser`) requires Erlang development environment. If you get a message like "/usr/lib/erlang/lib/parsetools-2.3.1/include/yeccpre.hrl: no such file or directory", it means you lack this environment. For instance, on the Debian operating system and its derivatives, you need to `apt install erlang-dev`.
```
